C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe.config
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
C:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe.config
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe.config
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton másolata másolata\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe.config
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\bin\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.exe
c:\Users\Tanár\Downloads\Informatikai_ismeretek_érettségi 2019\ultrabalaton kész kommentekkel\ultrabalaton\ultrabalaton\obj\Debug\ultrabalaton.pdb
